Abstract - 500 words

Introduction - 500 words



Acknowledgements

    Mention Carole and the team

Part 1 - Context - 1000 words

    The topic area to which the work applies? - 360 words

        This project aims to satisfy the needs of people working in the field of bioinformatics. More specifically, people that work with scientific data towards a more analytical outcome and have less overall knowledge about programming but need to work with computational tools in order to get a conclusive view on their input.

        For example, a biochemist working in developing pharmaceutical products might work with actual substances using chemical formulas. An example of the work of a bioinformatician would be using biological data trying to develop methods for understanding a genetic basis of diseases.
        
    Why the work is being done? - 360 words

        This project is going to support bioinformaticians by leisuring the viewing, building and writing of reports, research, studies, etc. 

    What the work was aiming to achieve? - 340 words

        The aim of this project is to build a basic functionality for an electronic notebook that would allow the users three basic functionalities. Firstly, the user should be capable of reading documents and data representing other studies, research, investigations, etc. that are already done by other researchers and bioinformaticians. Browsing for multiple results of this kind is a feature build on top of the reading. It should prompt the user for the information that he is looking for and retrieve all the resuslts that match the query. And finally, the user should be able to post a possible papper or piece of data so that other are able to read or search for it and possibly use it in further documentation.

Part 2 - Development - 2000 words

    Introduction - Use cases - 400 words
    Read Case + Download - 600 words
    Browse Case - 600 words
    Write Case - 400 words

    Diagrams --> Apendix

Part 3 - Evaluation - 1000 words

    Discussing various types of testing that have been performed and code coverage.

Part 4 - Reflection - 1000 words

    How the timing and number of milestones changed from those originally planned, and why this happened.
    What new knowledge have you gained from both the viewpoint of the context within which your project sits and particular technical knowledge needed to complete your project.
    What TO DO better?

Conclusion - 500 words

References

Apendix